# Meeting 19-01-23

As requested by Ornela, I sent her the agenda for the meeting.

I showed the website and explained how the minimum viable product has been made- the homepage of the website has been completed, with the editor connected to both the FSM representation of the code and the tape animation. I mentioned that there is still quite a few things to complete for the website, e.g. the documentation and making the editor look better, so I will be focusing on the website for a week or two more. 

We also discussed evaluation. I mentioned how I wanted there to be 2 parts of the evaluation- one evaluating the website and one evaluating the language. I had originally anticipated that the two evaluations are done on different cohorts, but Ornela isn't sure about this- she was expecting the evaluation to mostly involve people who are aware of the language and see whether it helps consolidate their knowledge about Turing Machines. She has asked me to send a brief plan of the evaluation and how I expect it to go for feedback. I will get this done by the next meeting. 

The next meeting is on 26th January.