# Meeting 16-02-2023

As requested by Ornela, I sent her the agenda for the meeting.

We discussed the evaluation. As I'm coming to the end of the evaluation, Ornela would like me to explain how the evaluation was run before considering any findings. I believe I should also discuss the limitations of the evaluation, e.g. the fact that most people didn't attempt the difficult questions and this could have been done much thoroughly if the sessions were longer.

We also briefly discussed about the website- I have been making only some minor changes. I will soon contact Gethin so that the webpage can be added to the uni network.

We also discussed publishing the research to FMTea (Formal Methods Teaching). I think that would be a great opportunity and would be willing to work on it during the summer. 

This was a short meeting as I'm spending about 5 hours doing evaluation this week, and so little progress was also made.

The next meeting will be on the 2nd February.
